Network Infrastructure
1. Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) and Internet Gateway (IGW):
	I will enable the VPC flow logs to capture information about IP traffic going to and from network interfaces in VPC for monitoring and troubleshooting.
2. Availability Zones (AZs)
	I will consider more than two Availability zones if application demands high availability.
3. Subnets
	I would consider to use NACLs (Network ACLs) to enhance security.

Application Infrastructure
1. Security Groups
	1)I would use the principle of least privilege. Only open necessary ports and to specific IP addresses or security groups.
	2)If necessary I would create a config map with custom rule to check the if any changes done to security group or EC2 instance login etc.
	3)Enable AWS WAF (Web Application Firewall) to protect against common web exploits.
2. AWS RDS
	1)I would use RDS with multi-AZ deployment for high availability.
	2)I would enable the delete protection to the RDS.
	3)I would enable automated backups and snapshots for disaster recovery.
	4)Encrypt RDS instances and snapshots using AWS KMS.
	5)If it is an most critical application then I would create cross region replicas by creating a read replicas RDS.
3. AWS Secrets Manager
	1)Store database credentials and other secrets in AWS Secrets Manager.
	2)Use IAM policies to tightly control access to Secrets Manager.
	3)Rotate secrets periodically to enhance security.
4. Launch Configuration and Auto Scaling Group
	1)I would prefer to use launch templates instead of launch configurations for better flexibility.
	2)Periodically I would check the AMIs used in launch templates are up-to-date and have the latest security patches this can be achieved by using systems manager.
	3)In the target group set up health checks to automatically replace unhealthy instances.
	4)If autoscaling required to be dynamic I would setup the CPU metrics etc to scale the instance horizontally.
5. Load Balancer
	1)Use an Application Load Balancer (ALB) with SSL termination to handle HTTPS traffic.
	2)Ensure ALB listeners redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.
	3)Use AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) to manage SSL/TLS certificates.
	4)If required enable ALB access logs for monitoring and auditing purposes.
6) DNS
	1)I would create DNS as per customer requirement and create a CNAME to route the traffic to the Load balancer.
7) Logging
	1)I would setup cloudwatch logging for system log I would setup cloudwatch logging agent to collect system logs (e.g., /var/log/syslog, /var/log/messages).
	2)For application level logging would need change the php file to enable logging by enabling debug.